Project: newmath
It contains the functions that are in Math.h with some additional functions.
Let see the usage of each function:

Functions:	Usage:

sqrt:
	This function returns the sqaure root of a number.
fmod:
	This function retruns the remainder of a division.
fabs:
	This function returns the absolute value of a floating point number.
ceilx:
	This function returns the ceil
floorx:
	
exponential:
	This function returns e raised to the given power.
hypot:
	This function returns square root of the sum of the squares of two given sides.
cbrtx:
	This function returns cubic root.
Pow:
	This function returns number raised to the given power.
trunc:
	This function returns the nearest integer not greater in magnitude than the given value.
round:
	This function returns the nearest integer, rounding away from zero in halfway cases.
fmax:
	This function returns the maximum number between two numbers.
fmin:
	This function returns the minimum number between two numbers.
fdim:
	This function returns positive difference of two floating point values.
ldexp:
	This function multiplies a number by 2 raised to a power.
exp2:
	This function returns 2 raised to the given power.
abs:
	This function returns absolute value of a integer number.
roundf:
	This function returns the nearest integer, rounding away from zero in halfway cases of a floating point number.
lround:
	This function returns the nearest integer, rounding away from zero in halfway cases.
fact:
	This function returns the factorial of number.
tgamma:
	This function computes a gamma function of a positive integer number.
square:
	This function returns the square of a number.
cube:
	This function returns the cube of a number.
division:
	This function returns the structure of quotient and remainder after division.
create:
	This function creates the polynomial structure.
show:
	This function displays the polynomial expression.
add_poly:
	This function adds two polynomials.
sub_poly:
	This function do subtraction of two polynomials.
dec_bin:
	This function converts decimal number into binary number.
bin_dec:
	This function converts binary number into decimal number.
decimal_octal:
	This function converts decimal number into octal number.
octal_deciaml:
	This function converts octal number into decimal number.
binary_octal:
	This function converts binary number into octal number.
octal_binary:
	This function converts octal number into binary number.
binary_hex:
	This function converts binary number into hexadecimal number.
hex_binary:
	This function converts hexadecimal number into binary number.

